docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to ES Extended

This is the official documentation for **ES Extended**.

> Check out our official add-ons on the [ES Extended GitHub Page](https://github.com/ESX-Org)

## About

es_extended is a roleplay framework for FiveM. ESX is short for EssentialMode Extended. The to-go framework for creating an economy based roleplay server on FiveM and most popular on the platform, too!

Featuring many extra resources to fit roleplaying servers, here's a taste of what's available:

- esx_ambulancejob: play as a medic to revive players who are bleeding out. Complete with garages and respawn & bleedout system
- esx_policejob: patrol the city and arrest players commiting crime, with armory, outfit room and garages
- esx_vehicleshop: roleplay working in an vehicle dealership where you sell cars to players

ESX was initially developed by Gizz back in 2017 for his friend as the were creating an FiveM server and there wasn't any economy roleplaying frameworks available. The original code was written within a week or two and later open sourced, it has ever since been improved and parts been rewritten to further improve on it.

## Discord

Join our [Development Discord](https://discord.gg/MsWzPqE) to discuss FiveM & ESX development with the staff and members. It's not a discord to ask for help for inproper ESX installs, etc.

Commit message:

Added sponsorship with Iceline Hosting:heart:

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to ES Extended

This is the official documentation for **ES Extended**.

> Check out our official add-ons on the [ES Extended GitHub Page](https://github.com/ESX-Org)

## About

es_extended is a roleplay framework for FiveM. ESX is short for EssentialMode Extended. The to-go framework for creating an economy based roleplay server on FiveM and most popular on the platform, too!

Featuring many extra resources to fit roleplaying servers, here's a taste of what's available:

- esx_ambulancejob: play as a medic to revive players who are bleeding out. Complete with garages and respawn & bleedout system
- esx_policejob: patrol the city and arrest players commiting crime, with armory, outfit room and garages
- esx_vehicleshop: roleplay working in an vehicle dealership where you sell cars to players

ESX was initially developed by Gizz back in 2017 for his friend as the were creating an FiveM server and there wasn't any economy roleplaying frameworks available. The original code was written within a week or two and later open sourced, it has ever since been improved and parts been rewritten to further improve on it.

## Rent Server

![Iceline hosting](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/667787270375473183/667790233441533952/banner.gif)

Are you thinking of starting a FiveM server of your own? [Iceline Hosting](https://iceline-hosting.com/) provide cost effective game servers, high end game VPS's with DDoS protection included, and more!

There is an optional Managed Support Addon available for game servers and game VPS's that add the following services:

- Investigation and fixing errors in relation to the server or third-party scripts
- Installing third-party scripts or software
- Recovery of lost data

Go to [Iceline Hosting](https://iceline-hosting.com/) and use promo code `ESX` for 15% off the first month on FiveM game servers, game VPS's and Singapore VPS's.

## Discord

Join our [Development Discord](https://discord.gg/MsWzPqE) to discuss FiveM & ESX development with the staff and members. It's not a discord to ask for help for inproper ESX installs, etc.
